=Sample Data=
|| reading from || writing to || I/O direction || MiB/s || MB/s || total bytes || file size || file count || duration || true_duration || true_MiB/s || start time || end time || trial || fill index || test || OS || CPU || start date || test duration || calibration method || notes||
||g: ||d: ||S<-T ||31.4819386521 ||33.0112053041 ||1310720000 ||26214400 ||50 ||39.7053057568 ||94.2625895256 ||13.2608281429 ||130.94077611 ||170.646081867 ||0 ||0 ||Copymark2 0.0.6 ||Windows 7 Ultimate SP1 6.1.7601 ||Intel64 Family 6 Model 26 Stepping 5 GenuineIntel ||8/24/2011 ||0:03:58 ||not calibrated || ||

=Column Headings=
  * *reading from/writing to*: These are the source and target directories/drives.
  * *I/O direction*: The direction of the file transfer.
  * *MiB/s*: The user experience data rate in MiB/s (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mebibyte)
  * *MB/s*: The user experience data rate in MB/s (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megabyte)
  * *total bytes*: The total number of bytes transferred in the trial.
  * *file size*: The size of each file transferred.
  * *file count*: The number of files transferred.
  * *duration*: The duration in seconds of the file transfer, from the user's point of view.
  * *true_duration*: The duration in seconds of the file transfer, based on disk activity.
  * *true_MiB/s*: The data rate in MiB/s, based on true_duration.
  * *start time*: The start time of the trial, in seconds since the start of the test.
  * *end time*: The end time of the trial (from the user's point of view), in seconds since the start of the test.
  * *trial*: The trial number. This is the number of times this particular combination of file size, file count, and I/O direction has been run so far.
  * *fill index*: This is used when running in fill mode, where the test will continue to copy data until the disk is full.
  * *test*: The current version of the test.
  * *OS*: The OS name and version as determined by the test.
  * *CPU*: The CPU type as determined by the test. This comes from Python's platform.processor() function.
  * *start date*: The date the test was started.
  * *test duration*: The duration of the test so far, formatted for easier reading.
  * *calibration method*: The type of calibration used (or "not calibrated", if no calibration was used).
  * *notes*: Notes are supplied by the user when the test is launched. *